Add a flag to adjust queries to some max future time (#10547)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

  * `cortex_ingester_tsdb_block_postings_for_matchers_cache_evictions_total`
* [ENHANCEMENT] Compactor: Shuffle users' order in `BlocksCleaner`. Prevents bucket indexes from going an extended period without cleanup during compactor restarts. #10513
* [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor, querier, ingester and store-gateway: Add support for `limit` parameter for label names and values requests. #10410

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Allow adjustment of queries looking into future to a max duration with `-query-frontend.adjust-to-max-future-window`. #10547

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Allow adjustment of queries looking into the future to a maximum duration with `-query-frontend.adjust-to-max-future-window`. #10547
```

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Allow adjustment of queries looking into future to a max duration with `-query-frontend.adjust-to-max-future-window`. #10547

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Allow adjustment of queries looking into future to a max duration with experimental `-query-frontend.max-future-query-window` flag. #10547
```
